From: "noreply@standardbank.co.za"<noreply@standardbank.co.za>
To: jose@monkey.org
Subject: Payment confirmation_2022-04-20
Date: 2022-04-20 18:18:33

Dear User,   A payment has been made to your account. Please Sign in Now To view the details of the payment. Thats why weve sent your latest Account eStatement. Please Sign in Now To view or download your statement. To view this statement, youll need to have Adobe PDF Reader installed. To install it, simply:     Copy and paste this URL into your browser:.www.get.adobe.com/reader/?promoid=BUIGO  Go to the website   Click the download button and follow the easy steps. Done! 	      	  	         	 	 	 	         	 	         	 *Terms and conditions apply. 	      	  	         	  Keeping your money and personal information secure is our priority. If you are concerned about any suspicious activity on your accounts, please call the Fraud Line immediately on: 0800 222 050.	      	  	               	  Authorised financial services and registered credit provider (NCRCP15). The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited (Reg. No. 1962/000738/06). Moving Forward is a trademark of The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited.  The Standard Bank email disclaimer and confidentiality note: This email, its attachments and any rights attaching hereto are, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the property of the Standard Bank Group Limited and/or its subsidiaries ("the group"). It is confidential, private and intended for the addressee only. Should you not be the addressee and receive this email by mistake, kindly notify the sender, and delete it immediately. Do not disclose or use the email in any manner whatsoever. Views and opinions expressed in this email are those of the sender unless clearly stated as those of the group. The group accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damages - whatsoever and howsoever incurred - or suffered resulting or arising from the use of this email or its attachments. The group does not warrant the integrity of this email nor that it is free of errors, viruses, interception or interference. The group will never send you any email or other communication asking you to update or provide confidential information about you or your account. If you have any doubts about the legitimacy of this email or other emails you receive claiming to be from Standard Bank please forward them to.phishing@standardbank.co.za For more information about Standard Bank Group Limited see.www.standardbank.com Should you wish to unsubscribe, please send an email to:.Unsubscribe@standardbank.co.za GMS-2700E 5/18     Dear User, A payment has been made to your account. Please Sign in Now To view the details of the payment.That’s why we’ve sent your latest Account eStatement. Please Sign in Now To view or download your statement.To view this statement, you’ll need to have Adobe PDF Reader installed. To install it, simply:  Copy and paste this URL into your browser:.www.get.adobe.com/reader/?promoid=BUIGO Go to the website  Click the “download” button and follow the easy steps. Done!                   *Terms and conditions apply.            Keeping your money and personal information secure is our priority. If you are concerned about any suspicious activity on your accounts, please call the Fraud Line immediately on: 0800 222 050.           Authorised financial services and registered credit provider (NCRCP15). The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited (Reg. No. 1962/000738/06). Moving Forward is a trademark of The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited. The Standard Bank email disclaimer and confidentiality note:This email, its attachments and any rights attaching hereto are, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the property of the Standard Bank Group Limited and/or its subsidiaries ("the group"). It is confidential, private and intended for the addressee only.Should you not be the addressee and receive this email by mistake, kindly notify the sender, and delete it immediately. Do not disclose or use the email in any manner whatsoever.Views and opinions expressed in this email are those of the sender unless clearly stated as those of the group.The group accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damages - whatsoever and howsoever incurred - or suffered resulting or arising from the use of this email or its attachments. The group does not warrant the integrity of this email nor that it is free of errors, viruses, interception or interference.The group will never send you any email or other communication asking you to update or provide confidential information about you or your account. If you have any doubts about the legitimacy of this email or other emails you receive claiming to be from Standard Bank please forward them to.phishing@standardbank.co.zaFor more information about Standard Bank Group Limited see.www.standardbank.comShould you wish to unsubscribe, please send an email to:.Unsubscribe@standardbank.co.zaGMS-2700E 5/18