From: "Charles Schwab" <mayra.parrales@hgj.gob.ec>
To: Recipients <mayra.parrales@hgj.gob.ec>
Subject: Review Alert
Date: 2022-02-02 15:37:52

February 02, 2022	 	    	 	      	 	 	 	 	  	 	    	 	             	 	    	 	 Schwab Notification: Action Required   Do not Ignore 	  	       	 	  Dear Customer, You have a new security message notifications from CHARLES SCHWAB For security reasons. A Temporary Hold was Placed on Your Account due to Incomplete Review.   Click now www.schwab.com  to read your Message notification and complete review. Upon logging in, you may be asked to confirm your identity. Thank you for the opportunity to serve you. 	 	       	 	       	 UNSUBSCRIBE	 PRIVACY	 MESSAGES	  LOG IN	          	 	    	 Independent investment advisors are not owned by, affiliated with or supervised by Schwab. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not reply to this email. Please contact the Schwab Alliance team at 800-515-2157. For your protection, we are unable to accept instructions to change your email address sent in reply to this message. To update your address using a secure channel, please log in to your account. For your security, Charles Schwab will never request personal information through email. Learn more about Schwab security practices, including the Schwab Security Guarantee. NOTICE: All email sent to or from the Charles Schwab corporate email system is subject to archival, monitoring, and/or review by Schwab personnel. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., 211 Main Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ©2022 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.("Schwab") All rights reserved. Member SIPC. (0117-0004) 99RAO	    February 02, 2022 Schwab Notification: Action Required  Do not Ignore Dear Customer,You have a new security message notifications from CHARLES SCHWABFor security reasons. A Temporary Hold was Placed on Your Account due to Incomplete Review.  Click now www.schwab.com  to read your Message notification and complete review.Upon logging in, you may be asked to confirm your identity.Thank you for the opportunity to serve you. UNSUBSCRIBE PRIVACY MESSAGES  LOG IN Independent investment advisors are not owned by, affiliated with or supervised by Schwab.If you have any questions or concerns, please do not reply to this email. Please contact the Schwab Alliance team at 800-515-2157.For your protection, we are unable to accept instructions to change your email address sent in reply to this message. To update your address using a secure channel, please log in to your account.For your security, Charles Schwab will never request personal information through email.Learn more about Schwab security practices, including the Schwab Security Guarantee.NOTICE: All email sent to or from the Charles Schwab corporate email system is subject to archival, monitoring, and/or review by Schwab personnel.Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., 211 Main Street, San Francisco, CA 94105©2022 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.("Schwab") All rights reserved. Member SIPC.(0117-0004) 99RAO