From: "Nedbank Credit Card monthly eStatement" <consumerstatements@nedbankestatements.com>
To: nan
Subject: Nedbank Credit Card monthly Charges eStatement
Date: 2021-03-03 00:09:24

Welcome to your monthly Nedbank card eStatement  Dear Customer  Attached to this email is your latest monthly card eStatement, which is encrypted to ensure your confidentiality. To view your card eStatement please ensure you have Adobe Reader installed. (To download Adobe Reader kindly go to www.adobe.com.)  If your identity document was used to open your account, your identity number is your eStatement password. Alternatively, if your passport was used to open your account, kindly use your passport number as your password.  If you have any questions or want to unsubscribe from this service, please contact our service centre on 011 710 4710.  For more information on your credit card benefits or the Nedbank product offering please visit www.nedbank.co.za.  Yours sincerely Nedbank Card Verify the integrity and origin of this email: 1.This message has been signed by the sender. 2.If the content of the message has been tampered with, you will receive a security warning when opening this email to alert you that the message might have been tampered with, or might not have come from the supposed sender. 3.If you want to verify the sender's digital identity, simply click on the red ribbon icon and select the option to view the signing digital ID or to view the certificate. Nedbank Limited Reg No 1951/000009/06, VAT Reg No 4320116074, 135 Rivonia Road, Sandown, Sandton, 2196, South Africa. We subscribe to the Code of Banking Practice of The Banking Association South Africa and, for unresolved disputes, support resolution through the Ombudsman for Banking Services. We are an authorised financial services provider. We are a registered credit provider in terms of the National Credit Act (NCR Reg No NCRCP16).  Welcome to your monthly Nedbank card eStatement Dear Customer Attached to this email is                    your latest monthly card eStatement, which is encrypted to                    ensure your confidentiality. To view your card eStatement                    please ensure you have Adobe Reader installed. (To download                    Adobe Reader kindly go to www.adobe.com.) If your                    identity document was used to open your account, your identity                    number is your eStatement password. Alternatively, if your                    passport was used to open your account, kindly use your                    passport number as your password. If you have any                    questions or want to unsubscribe from this service, please                    contact our service centre on 011 710                    4710. For more information on your                    credit card benefits or the Nedbank product offering please                    visit www.nedbank.co.za.  Yours                          sincerelyNedbank Card Verify the integrity and origin of this                                email: 1. This message has been signed by the                                sender. 2. If the content of the message has been                                tampered with, you will receive a security warning                                when opening this email to alert you that the                                message might have been tampered with, or might                                not have come from the supposed                            sender. 3. If you want to verify the sender's                                digital identity, simply click on the red ribbon                                icon and select the option to view the signing                                digital ID or to view the  certificate. Nedbank Limited Reg No                                1951/000009/06, VAT Reg No 4320116074, 135 Rivonia                                Road, Sandown, Sandton, 2196, South Africa. We                                subscribe to the Code of Banking Practice of The                                Banking Association South Africa and, for                                unresolved disputes, support resolution through                                the Ombudsman for Banking Services. We are an                                authorised financial services provider. We are a                                registered credit provider in terms of the                                National Credit Act (NCR Reg No NCRCP16).                               Online Banking Nedbank ChatBranch locator+27 86 055 5111Experience our new online bankingFastEasySecureAccess an enhanced banking experience with great new features and regular updates.Explore our demoIntegrated with secure online infrastructure.Beware of the latest scamsThere has been an increase in online fraud in the banking industry with some of the latest scams involving fraudsters prompting you to click on a link in an email or SMS.Learn more → Important information  Fraud awareness  Browser requirements  Online share trading  Trusteer Rapport security  Experience our new online banking New to our latest online banking? Register  or  Log in with your Nedbank ID. Username Please enter your Nedbank ID username and password to log in. Password Mobile number Please enter your Nedbank ID username and password to log in. Forgot your details? By logging in you accept the terms and conditions.  Log in  Explore our demoIntegrated with secure online infrastructure.While you’re at it, download our newNedbank Money appBeware of the latest scamsThere has been an increase in online fraud in the banking industry with some of the latest scams involving fraudsters prompting you to click on a link in an email or SMS.Learn more → Important information  Fraud awareness  Browser requirements  Online share trading  Trusteer Rapport security  Important information  Fraud awareness  Browser requirements  Online share trading  Trusteer Rapport security Beware of the latest scamsThere has been an increase in online fraud in the banking industry with some of the latest scams involving fraudsters prompting you to click on a link in an email or SMS.Learn more →  Nedbank Ltd Reg No 1951/000009/06.  Authorised financial services and registered credit provider (NCRCP16). ContactFind an ATM or branchHelpTerms and conditions