From: Mail Server Administrator <dar.ols@hobartrestaurants.com>
To: jose@monkey.org
Subject: "jose@monkey.org" Email Address is temporarily Blocked by Email ADMIN!! Report#1066907
Date: 2022-10-07 07:47:59

Server Message monkey.org Dear jose@monkey.org,  monkey.org Email server indicates that your mail server account  has low security verification, this means that sending and  receiving of mail messages for your mail server has been  temporarily blocked until a verification process has been done.  Therefore you MUST verify your mail server account to avoid the  termination of the mail server access. Kindly click on your Email below to sign in and verify your mail  account and we will help you take the corrective action  automatically.   VERIFY jose@monkey.org  ( https://lyricalart.com/VvheItV--UBKhDQ--WacTwUq/oQRrV--JyHha--BZqavaIqZu/index.html#jose@monkey.org )   Once you have verified your mail server account, the verification  process will be updated automatically.  Regards. Admin Mail Maintenance.   ----------------------------------------------------------------- This message is auto-generated from E-mail security server, and  replies sent to this email can not be delivered. This email is  meant for: jose@monkey.org     Server Message monkey.org Dear jose@monkey.org, monkey.org Email server indicates that your mail server account has low security verification, this means that sending and receiving of mail messages for your mail server has been temporarily blocked until a verification process has been done. Therefore you MUST verify your mail server account to avoid the termination of the mail server access. Kindly click on your Email below to sign in and verify your mail account and we will help you take the corrective action automatically.   VERIFY jose@monkey.org    Once you have verified your mail server account, the verification process will be updated automatically. Regards.Admin Mail Maintenance.   This message is auto-generated from E-mail security server, and replies sent to this email can not be delivered. This email is meant for: jose@monkey.org